RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or
second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy?

In a situation such two players randomly playing the board, the second player tends to have a greater advantage since
the second player can benefit from the increased number of possible moves on the board after each turn that the first
player makes and allows greater flexibility to respond to moves that black makes.

2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA

3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:
The video covers a great lecture on how to better approach statistics for amateur statistics and programmers whom may
constantly work in the subject for their projects while not being an expert in the field. Jake Vanderplas demostrates
how statistics concepts can easily be solved using the skills of a programmer through certain coding practices and
leveraging techniques such as direct simulation, bootstrapping, etc. to solve statistical problems.

4) H0 is the reference to the assumption that there exists no difference in the probability of events in the data.

5) Ha is the opposite of the null hypothesis where there does exist a difference in the probability of events in the data.
That is, certain events may have advantages over other events and will have a higher chance of occurring.

6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
   My experimental results do not support H0, so they support Ha

7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0

One option that the speaker in the video suggest using was direct simulation. Therefore, by using the java class
OthelloControllerRandomVSRandom.java and simulating 10,000 games, it was discovered that player 2 had a consistent 5%
higher chance of winning a game of Othello over player 1 when both players randomly placed their tokens on the board.
Since the individual probability of the two players winning is not approximately equal, then the null hypothesis cannot
hold in this situation. Thus, only the alternative hypothesis is applicable.

References: 
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413